content/character/veronica.md, before:

---
title: Veronica
type: character
characterType: wench
thumbnail: /assets/images/veronica.png
og_image: /assets/images/veronica_og.jpg
og_description: Veronica is a sweet innocent young woman who was captured by a mysterious dark spell caster for an unknown summoning spell.
censor: true
characterSheet:
  abilityScores:
    cha: 12
    con: 14
    dex: 15
    int: 12
    str: 13
    wis: 12
  ac: 12
  hp: 14
  alignment: Chaotic Neutral
  equipment:
    - item: A scroll case stuffed full of notes from studies
    - item: Winter blanket
    - item: Set of common clothes
    - item: Herbalisim Kit
    - item: 5GP
  languages:
    - Elvish
    - Dwarvish
    - Common
  proficiencyBonus: 2
  race: Human
  roleplaying:
    background: Hermit
    bond: I seek freedom for my self to live my life the way I choose
    flaw: >-
      I harbor dark, bloodthirsty thoughts that my isolation has failed to
      quell. In fact, it encouraged it.
    ideal: One should stand up against those who oppress them
    trait: 'I''ve been isolated for so long, I have issues adapting to society'
  size: Medium
  skills:
    - Medicine
    - Religion
  speed: 30
---
Veronica is a sweet innocent young woman who was captured by a mysterious dark spell caster for an unknown summoning spell. If rescued, she is greatful to her rescuers.

Commit message:

Theme Updates, support mobile alts of comic panels, dark mode, multiple comics

content/character/veronica.md, after:

---
characterType: wench
image_mobile: /assets/images/veronica_mobile.png
accessibleDescription: Veronca is a light skinned, Human woman with dark brown
  eyes, and long black hair with two lighter streaks that frame her face. She
  wears a white blouse with a maroon skirt with a lopsided white apron and a
  dark brown corset.
censor: false
title: Veronica
visible: true
type: character
thumbnail: /assets/images/veronica.png
og_image: /assets/images/veronica_og.jpg
og_description: Veronica is a sweet innocent young woman who was captured by a
  mysterious dark spell caster for an unknown summoning spell.
characterSheet:
  size: Medium
  ac: 12
  skills:
    - Medicine
    - Religion
  alignment: Chaotic Neutral
  speed: 30
  hp: 14
  proficiencyBonus: 2
  abilityScores:
    cha: 12
    con: 14
    dex: 15
    int: 12
    str: 13
    wis: 12
  equipment:
    - item: A scroll case stuffed full of notes from studies
    - item: Winter blanket
    - item: Set of common clothes
    - item: Herbalisim Kit
    - item: 5GP
  race: Human
  roleplaying:
    background: Hermit
    bond: I seek freedom for my self to live my life the way I choose
    flaw: I harbor dark, bloodthirsty thoughts that my isolation has failed to
      quell. In fact, it encouraged it.
    ideal: One should stand up against those who oppress them
    trait: I've been isolated for so long, I have issues adapting to society
  languages:
    - Elvish
    - Dwarvish
    - Common
---
Veronica is a sweet innocent young woman who was captured by a mysterious dark spell caster for an unknown summoning spell. If rescued, she is greatful to her rescuers.
